utils/Watcher.java
 utils.Watcher
 utils.Watcher$TestResultStatus
cleanTest/todoly/LoginParameterTest.java
 cleanTest.todoly.LoginParameterTest
pages/todoLy/LoginModal.java
 pages.todoLy.LoginModal
utils/Attach.java
 utils.Attach
singletonSession/Session.java
 singletonSession.Session
factoryBrowser/Headless.java
 factoryBrowser.Headless
factoryBrowser/Cloud.java
 factoryBrowser.Cloud
factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.IBrowser
controlSelenium/Control.java
 controlSelenium.Control
factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 factoryBrowser.Edge
cleanTest/todoly/LoginTest.java
 cleanTest.todoly.LoginTest
utils/GetProperties.java
 utils.GetProperties
pages/phpTravels/RegisterPage.java
 pages.phpTravels.RegisterPage
factoryBrowser/Firefox.java
 factoryBrowser.Firefox
pages/todoLy/RegisterModal.java
 pages.todoLy.RegisterModal
cleanTest/phpTravel/RunnerExtension.java
 cleanTest.phpTravel.RunnerExtension
controlSelenium/CheckBox.java
 controlSelenium.CheckBox
pages/todoLy/MainPage.java
 pages.todoLy.MainPage
cleanTest/todoly/ChangeNameTest.java
 cleanTest.todoly.ChangeNameTest
pages/todoLy/LeftPanelSection.java
 pages.todoLy.LeftPanelSection
cleanTest/todoly/RegisterAndPwd.java
 cleanTest.todoly.RegisterAndPwd
cleanTest/todoly/TestBaseTodoLy.java
 cleanTest.todoly.TestBaseTodoLy
pages/todoLy/SettingsPage.java
 pages.todoLy.SettingsPage
controlSelenium/Button.java
 controlSelenium.Button
factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
controlSelenium/Label.java
 controlSelenium.Label
pages/todoLy/MenuSection.java
 pages.todoLy.MenuSection
cleanTest/todoly/CRUDProjectTest.java
 cleanTest.todoly.CRUDProjectTest
pages/phpTravels/LoginPage.java
 pages.phpTravels.LoginPage
pages/phpTravels/LoggedInPage.java
 pages.phpTravels.LoggedInPage
controlSelenium/TextBox.java
 controlSelenium.TextBox
factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 factoryBrowser.Chrome
cleanTest/phpTravel/TestSuite1.java
 cleanTest.phpTravel.TestSuite1
cleanTest/phpTravel/TestBasePhpTravel.java
 cleanTest.phpTravel.TestBasePhpTravel
pages/phpTravels/MainPage.java
 pages.phpTravels.MainPage
factoryBrowser/BrowserDocker.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserDocker
